src/README.md, before:

Hello World
===========

A blog by Corniel Nobel
-----------------------

### www.corniel.nl/blog/category/helloworld/

This project shows the code as blogged about at my blog.

Debugger display attribute
--------------------------
Improve your debug experience.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2014/11/19/debuggerdisplay/

Example of handling cookies Domain-driven
-----------------------------------------
Overcomming sealed classes.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2014/11/05/example-of-handling-cookies-domain-driven/

Truusje my lovely ant(s)
------------------------
AI programming challenge.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2011/12/24/truusje-my-lovely-ants/

Idiots
------
"Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger 
and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and 
better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning (..)"
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2010/08/16/idiots/

Windows multi icon
------------------
Creating a Windows icon containing multiple bitmaps.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2010/07/23/windows-multi-icon/

ISO 8601
--------
A proper way to implement the ISO 8601 standard.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2009/12/18/iso8601/

WTF (3)
-------
No comment required.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2009/11/30/wtf-3/

Roman numerals
--------------
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2009/08/20/roman-numerals/

WTF (2)
-------
Implement or add a todo.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2009/08/14/wtf-2/

WTF (1)
-------
Know your framework.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2009/07/29/wtf-1/

Commit message:

DateTimeAssert, Doing date time assertions the right way.

src/README.md, after:

Hello World
===========

A blog by Corniel Nobel
-----------------------

### www.corniel.nl/blog/category/helloworld/

This project shows the code as blogged about at my blog.

DateTimeAssert
--------------
Doing date time assertions the right way.

Debugger display attribute
--------------------------
Improve your debug experience.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2014/11/19/debuggerdisplay/

Example of handling cookies Domain-driven
-----------------------------------------
Overcoming sealed classes.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2014/11/05/example-of-handling-cookies-domain-driven/

Truusje my lovely ant(s)
------------------------
AI programming challenge.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2011/12/24/truusje-my-lovely-ants/

Idiots
------
"Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger 
and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and 
better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning (..)"
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2010/08/16/idiots/

Windows multi icon
------------------
Creating a Windows icon containing multiple bitmaps.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2010/07/23/windows-multi-icon/

ISO 8601
--------
A proper way to implement the ISO 8601 standard.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2009/12/18/iso8601/

WTF (3)
-------
No comment required.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2009/11/30/wtf-3/

Roman numerals
--------------
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2009/08/20/roman-numerals/

WTF (2)
-------
Implement or add a to-do.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2009/08/14/wtf-2/

WTF (1)
-------
Know your framework.
http://www.corniel.nl/blog/2009/07/29/wtf-1/
